fix grammar for reference + Examples LangStringSet + editorial changes (#555)
admin-shell-io/aas-specs-metamodel: documentation/IDTA-01001/modules/ROOT/pages/changelog.adoc

* CHANGED: Transfer from .docx to asciidoc (.adoc) and maintenance in GitHub (including (https://github.com/admin-shell-io/aas-specs/issues/318[#318], https://github.com/admin-shell-io/aas-specs/issues/316[#316] )
* CHANGED: Transfer of all UML figures to PlantUML (.puml), changed notation for model references; maintenance in GitHub, no XMI presenation part of release any longer (https://github.com/admin-shell-io/aas-specs/issues/439[#439]) 

Bugfixes:

> * CHANGED: add missing `<referredSemanticId>` to grammar for textual representation of References https://github.com/admin-shell-io/aas-specs/issues/557[#557])

Reviewer: correction in the issue link: https://github.com/admin-shell-io/aas-specs-metamodel/issues/557

Reviewer: Resolving this comment, as the issue with links will get resolved when merging in the base branch (Corresponding change is already present in the base branch).

> * CHANGED: examples for LangStringSet (correct "DE" to "de" etc. and enhance examples)

Author: ```suggestion
* CHANGED: enhance and correct examples for LangStringSet so that they correspond to their concrete serialization in XML, JSON and RDF
```
